If Obama resigns from office NOW, thereby doing a great service to the country—I will give him free lifetime golf at any one of my courses!
Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!
This election is a total sham and a travesty. We are not a democracy!
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
President Obama - close down the flights from Ebola infected areas right now, before it is too late! What the hell is wrong with you?
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
.@AlexSalmond, Wind turbines are ripping your country apart and killing tourism.Electric bills in Scotland are skyrocketing-stop the madness
Pervert alert. @RepWeiner is back on twitter. All girls under the age of 18, block him immediately.
Amazing how the haters & losers keep tweeting the name “F**kface Von Clownstick” like they are so original & like no one else is doing it...
Why did Mitt Romney BEG me for my endorsement four years ago?
Truly weird Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky reminds me of a spoiled brat without a properly functioning brain. He was terrible at DEBATE!
Remember, new "environment friendly" lightbulbs can cause cancer. Be careful-- the idiots who came up with this stuff don't care.
If Hillary Clinton can't satisfy her husband what makes her think she can satisfy America? #2016President
I just realized that if you listen to Carly Fiorina for more than ten minutes straight, you develop a massive headache. She has zero chance!
Wind turbines are not only killing millions of birds, they are killing the finances & environment of many countries & communities.
.@cher--I don’t wear a “rug”—it’s mine. And I promise not to talk about your massive plastic surgeries that didn’t work.
An 'extremely credible source' has called my office and told me that @BarackObama's birth certificate is a fraud.
This very expensive GLOBAL WARMING bullshit has got to stop. Our planet is freezing, record low temps,and our GW scientists are stuck in ice
26,000 unreported sexual assults in the military-only 238 convictions. What did these geniuses expect when they put men & women together?
@michellemalkin You were born stupid!
Healthy young child goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changes - AUTISM. Many such cases!
.@ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.
I would like to wish everyone, including all haters and losers (of which, sadly, there are many) a truly happy and enjoyable Memorial Day!
I am being proven right about massive vaccinations—the doctors lied. Save our children & their future.
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
The concept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
How amazing, the State Health Director who verified copies of Obama’s “birth certificate” died in plane crash today. All others lived