Philip K Dick's short story “The Minority Report” is a work of fiction; his world treats the
extraordinary as simply ordinary. Interplanetary travel and colonization of other planets are so
commonplace they are only ever casually mentioned by characters throughout the story; psychics, or
“precogs”, are accepted as a cornerstone of law enforcement. While this world has fantastic
technologies that greatly differ from those available in today's world, there nonetheless exists a strong
parallel between the style of law enforcement utilized in “The Minority Report” and utilized by the
NSA.
In June of 2013, the US whistle-blower Edward Snowden rocked the world when he revealed the
widespread electronic surveillance program that the NSA had implemented in the name of counter-
terrorism. The ensuing document leak revealed that not only does the NSA gather communications of
terror suspect or individuals in communication with terror suspects, but communications of the general
population as well (EFF). Using fiber-optic splitters installed in major network backbones, the NSA has
access to network data for the majority of the US (EFF). With this access, the NSA is able to mine
network data in real time for metrics such as keywords, connections, and patterns in order to build
connections between individuals as well as store relevant data for later retrieval and analysis (EFF).
Unlike the approach of “predictive policing” which we learned about in class, this approach to
protecting the US is focused on the individual instead of the community. In the case of predictive
policing, police are dispatched to areas with historically high crime and areas in which real time
metrics such as social media trends indicate disruptive or dangerous activity (PredPol). The unit of study is never is the individual, but rather the community; the individual is merely a contributor to
overall statistics and trends. However, in the case of the NSA program, the unit of study is the
individual. The NSA looks at the behavior of each individual in order to determine if they are a threat
to the nation.
This style of tracking the individual is exactly how the Precrime Division of the police force operates in
“The Minority Report”. The Precrime Division utilizes the psychic ability of precogs to monitor the
behavior of individuals, and act against those who pose a threat. Focusing on the community as a unit
of study would be useless as it would not allow the Precrime Division to single out individuals.
The similarity in style stems from the similarity in goals. In the case both “The Minority Report” and
the NSA, the goal is for a zero crime rate. The only way that can be attained is by catching the
individual prior to their commission of the crime; catching them in the act or after the fact is already
too late. As a result, the style of law enforcement utilized in “The Minority Report” and by the NSA is
the same; track every individual in order to ensure that no one can commit crimes.
